# RUCTFE 2019 Radio Exploit / Writeup

This was the exploit I used to capture flags from the Radio service.
I noticed early on that the JWT Secret was generated in a predictable way. The following script was
used to generate the secret key used to sign the JWT.

```bash
#!/bin/bash
set -e

generate_key() {
    declare -r key_path=$1
    echo "$(date +\"%s\")$key_path"
    echo -n "$(date +\"%s\")$key_path" | sha256sum | awk '{print $1}' > $key_path
}

declare -r jwt_secret_path="${SECRET_PATH%/}/jwt_secret"
declare -r session_key="${SECRET_PATH%/}/session_key"

generate_key $jwt_secret_path
generate_key $session_key
```

Problem here is the `"$(date +\"%s\")$key_path"` that is fed to sha256sum. It's easy to bruteforce too, only requiring a few thousand offline attempts.

In turn the code that generated the actual JWT was this module, which suspiciously called a `radio-auth.so` plugin. This was where the above secret was passed in to.
```go
package auth

import (
	"fmt"
	"plugin"
)

const pluginName = "./radio-auth.so"

type EncodeFn = func(interface{}) string
type DecodeFn = func(string, interface{}) error
type InitAuthFn = func(string)

var Encode EncodeFn
var Decode DecodeFn

func InitAuth(init string) (err error) {
	var plug *plugin.Plugin
	if plug, err = plugin.Open(pluginName); err != nil {
		return
	}
	var encodeFnSym, decodeFnSym, initAuthSym plugin.Symbol
	if encodeFnSym, err = plug.Lookup("Encode"); err != nil {
		return
	}
	if decodeFnSym, err = plug.Lookup("Decode"); err != nil {
		return
	}
	var ok bool
	if Encode, ok = encodeFnSym.(EncodeFn); !ok {
		return fmt.Errorf("Can't read encode function from auth module")
	}
	if Decode, ok = decodeFnSym.(DecodeFn); !ok {
		return fmt.Errorf("Can't read encode function from auth module")
	}
	if initAuthSym, err = plug.Lookup("InitAuth"); err != nil {
		return
	}
	var initFn InitAuthFn
	if initFn, ok = initAuthSym.(InitAuthFn); !ok {
		return fmt.Errorf("Can't read InitAuth function from auth module")
	}
	initFn(init)
	return
}
```

Using https://jwt.io/ I saw that the JWT generated had a weird "alg" field set to `42`. So there was clearly something fishy going on there.

To patch I initially changed the secret where it was generated by just adding a random string.

The exploit then ran as follows:
1. Register new user (`/frontend-api/register/`), log in (`/frontend-api/login/`) and create a api token (`/api/v1/token/`). I pipelined this to all hosts with the `register.py` script which I ran once to a list of JWT tokens for every host responding.
2. Take the API token, and bruteforce it with the `radio-auth.so` plugin. I wrote the `crack` golang program for this. I was surprised how quick it was to bruteforce all ~103 hosts. With this I have a list of each service + secret used to sign the JWT using `radio-auth.so`.
3. With the now known secret+hosts, my attack was to visit the `/frontend-api/our-users/` route, get the last 20 users, then for each user spoof a JWT with the `sign`-golang and get their playlists from `/api/v1/playlist/`. If I was lucky, there would be a flag in the playlist description. The `exfil.py` combined all the steps and would submit flags if found. 

Probably it would have been smart to reverse `radio-auth.so` and figure out what it actually does. I'm not confident in my reversing skills though, so I thought this would take too long.

Because we were still getting pwned, to mitigate it fully I replaced the entire JWT signing/parsing mechanism. This took a bit too long though, and most likely they were using another vulnerability.

The only optimization I did here was to pipeline the process. In the end I just ran 4 `exfil.py` worker scripts on different target lists. 

## Another vuln

Our service still continued to get exploited though, I'm pretty sure the following "share hash" on the playlist was abused. Also what I saw a lot of spam too in the logs. In the very last minute I uploaded a fix which added a salt though. It's the thought that matters.

```go
func (p *Playlist) HS() string {
	return fmt.Sprintf("%x", sha256.Sum256([]byte(fmt.Sprintf("playlist:{%d}:{%t}:{%d}:{&b}", p.ID, p.Private, p.UserID))))
}
```

## Learnings
Since this was my first A/D CTF, I learned some things which I could improve or prepare for in the next competition:

1. Try to avoid tunnelvision. I spent most of the time focused on my own vuln while I missed the probably more obvious one. We lost more flags than we stole from this. Patch first, then exploit.
2. Do be a bit stubborn though, I feel like my focus here was worthwhile as I did still score an ok amount of points.
3. Come prepared with a way to enumerate exploits over many hosts at once. This would have saved me a ton of time and would have scored us a lot more points. 
5. Do figure out what the exact rules are for defense. We had some very noisy neighbours that were bringing down our services. I wasn't sure if we were allowed to straight up block opponents or rate limit or delete old data from the databases. What are our options here?
6. Probably interact more with the team. If we as a team were more prepared we could have likely delegated to different roles once a vulnerability was discovered. E.g. one person does exploit dev and another does patching. Maybe a third watches the logs. However our team was small and generally we were just doing it for fun, so I think we did ok.

